Hi Milan, 

This free CV critique is intended to give you an honest, straightforward assessment and some suggestions to help in your job search. I'm able to offer insight into how you compare to other job seekers competing for the same positions because I personally review hundreds of CVs each month. 
Visual Presentation and Organisation
The look and feel of your document do not convey "experience" as much as your actual accomplishments do. Your CV is the first impression a potential employer has of you. Treat it like your personal marketing tool.
You should consider using a few more bullet points to increase the impact to the employer. If employers see too many long sections of text, they might find it difficult to zero in on the most crucial details. The size and type of bullets should also be taken into account. Although seemingly minor, the visual impact of a CV is the key to ensuring that an employer will read it thoroughly.
CV Writing
Your career summary is not as strong as it should be. This is a key component to compel the hiring manager to keep reading. Improve your career summary to define you as a professional and cover those areas most relevant to your career level and job target.
Based on how the CV is phrased, you could be perceived as a "doer," as opposed to an "achiever." A few too many of your job descriptions are task-based rather than results-based. This means that they tell you what you did, instead of what you achieved. This is a common misstep for non-professional CV writers. To be effective and create excitement a good CV aids the hiring executive envisage you delivering similar achievements at his or her company. Here are some examples of task-based sentences in your CV:
“Changing the company organization to have more flexibility for working on multiple projects in parallel”
“Working on different projects as contractor: Java backend and frontend: IcSuite Project - platform of several modules which collects and enrich value of metadata for different companies”

Employers want to learn about your previous achievements and specifically how you've helped make an impact. More importantly, they want to know how you are going to make a significant difference at their organisation.
In reading your CV, I did not find the kind of active language that would bring your work to life. Instead, I saw passive words and non-action verbs.

Phrases like “maintaining” and “working in” are monotonous, overused, and add little value to your CV. Strong action verbs, used with engaging language to outline outstanding achievements, are essential parts of a soundly-built CV. 

Now, let's see how to put this into practice. Here's a real life sample taken from a former client's CV. By changing the language, we helped to enhance the perception of the job-seeker.
Passive language / Doing: “Negotiated contracts with vendors”
Action language / Achieving: “Slashed payroll/benefits administration costs 30% by negotiating pricing and fees, while ensuring the continuation and enhancements of services.”

An adjustment like this makes a big improvement.

A regular review of every word and sentence in your CV is an important thing to do, especially if you're the only one looking at it. Hiring managers are looking for an excuse to eliminate you as a candidate. You may not be able to see awkward phrases and grammatical errors if you've already spent too much time with your own CV.
Digital Readiness
Your CV is saved in PDF format. 19% of CVs look like yours. While this may make viewing consistent for recruiters, some older Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) might not be able to correctly parse this. You might want to consider converting your document to a Microsoft Word file.
Your Employment and Education History
Consider removing dates from your education section. For someone as advanced in their career as you, your experience is what employers find most useful when forming an opinion of you as a candidate, and should be the focal point of your CV. Removing education dates can help you steer clear of unconscious bias and ageism without detracting from your accomplishments.
CV Scan Test Results
93% of all Hiring Managers use CV scanning software called applicant tracking systems (ATS) to filter candidates from the application pool. To illustrate how you stand up to the automation, I passed your CV through the very same software that Hiring Managers use to filter the real talent from the hundreds, sometimes thousands, of candidates that apply for a single open position.
k